welcome to your mom's house
you know last week we had a big thing a
big back-and-forth about mothers you
know how to say right right look right
left womp Lefroy
it's the Kroy one website and like enjoy
left wah let's Lacroix like st. croix we
left him a voicemail last week right
right we we told them hey we need to
push it yeah I like that song now
yeah the songs pretty good man no it's
really good yeah yeah I'm glad that
crazy Lopes likes it too oh yeah he
really he got down to it was fine
where is he pushing pushing okay I can't
even open up what am I really serious
alright so anyways we left that message
during the show member I thought they
wrote back to Artie oh my goodness here
we go this is a Bonjour Jean Pierre
thank you for calling in aqua sparkling
water we are so happy to hear that you
enjoy the mango sparkling water we are
even happier that you're pronouncing
that correctly we receive hundreds of
calls from fuckboys what POS is people
pronouncing it Lacroix like enjoy like
crying ching chong ching chong dummies I
bet they pronounced FedEx like FedEx in
order to correctly answer your question
about carbonation making you belch out
and not fluctuate I first my bus first
share a little history on our product
our mango sparkling water it was
invented by Nazi scientists the story
goes Adolf Hitler demanded a sparkling
water beverage with high carbonation so
he could belch
in faces of Jews in the hundreds block
of Auschwitz the original drink was
debuted on 4/20 Hitler's birthday at the
Ventura Harbor comedy club I'm seeing
yes
historical records tells us that Jews
would shout hey Hitler and have two
young gentlemen were there it had high
and tight jeans enough ad off with belch
a beef cream right in their face
those lucky Jews even today we stay true
to our original formula no I'm saying it
is good for the Fuhrer well it is good
for mr. white folks and Big Daddy Kane
sub Kane I do have good news for you
like why scientists are working on a
special formula that guarantees double
pipe classics in every can this will
revolutionize the soda game never has a
soda affected that how you say rectum
and the esophagus at the same time the
drink will be unveiled in new pork
titties at Caroline September 8th 9th
and 10th this is a poly by friendly
establishment DJ dad mouth will be
spending records and they'll be serving
a succulent Chinese meal we look forward
to seeing you there please bring Visa
MasterCard or cash
sincerely Kim and customer service wow
thank you look wow yeah how interesting
they drives all these references it
sound familiar
it is it does sound familiar Kroy it
does sound familiar thank you for
getting back to us yeah
don't roll your eyes I saw that you like
it's not like ha I mean it's Lacroix
it's on our website that correct that
quiet